TITLE: Top Plastic Surgery in Cary, NC - Dr. Hanna
DESC: Cary Plastic Surgery: Award-winning care with Dr. Hanna. Breast, body, face, and cosmetic enhancements. Book now!

Sculpting Beauty with a Personal Touch.
Book Your Consultation Today!
Voted BEST Plastic Surgery
in Cary, North Carolina for 7 Years!
Plastic Surgery Services in Cary, NC
Expertise in What Matters Most to You
Breast
Model
Body
Model
Face
Model
Cosmetic
Model
Before / After Gallery
Model
$50 New Patient
Consultation
Book Now
Dr. Donald P. Hanna
Board-Certified, Patient-Focused
With more than 30 years of surgical experience and board certification in plastic surgery, Dr. Hanna is known for his precision, honesty, and warm bedside manner. Patients trust him not only for his surgical skill—but for how he listens.
Meet Dr. Hanna
Trusted by women across the Triangle and voted 'Best of Cary' - Dr. Hanna helps you look and feel your best, your way.
At Cary Plastic Surgery, we’ve proudly served the Triangle community for over two decades, earning recognition as one of the top practices in the area. Led by board-certified plastic surgeon Dr. Hanna, we blend medical excellence with a warm, patient-centered approach—helping each person feel confident in their own skin.
Actual Patient
12/10/2025
I can’t recommend Dr. Hanna and the team at Cary Plastic Surgery enough! After multiple consultations elsewhere, I finally felt heard during my visit with Dr. Hanna.
He took the time to thoroughly explain the mommy makeover process, ensuring I was comfortable and informed every step of the way. I had a mini tummy tuck and breast augmentation, and I couldn’t be happier with my results.
Jessica O.
Google
What Our Patients Are Saying
Cary Plastic Surgery
Cary, NC
5
/ 5
based upon 61 reviews.
12/10/2025
Dr Hanna and his team helped me make my dream come true. After losing 125 lbs, I had a lot of skin on my stomach. There’s no way after being overweight for my whole life that it was going away. It had to be surgically removed. The results are mind blowing. I’m only 3 months out so I still have a very noticeable scar. It will fade. No one but my husband and I will ever see it in any event. I feel phenomenal! I am overjoyed at the wonderful care Dr Hanna and his team provided. I highly recommend Cary Plastic Surgery!
Connie S.
Google
12/10/2025
I needed to have eye lid surgery and the entire experience was the best experience I have ever had with any Doctor in my life! Dr. Hanna is one of a kind in his profession. His entire staff, from office to the entire surgical staff was so professional, caring and very patient orientated! I never thought twice about being in great hands by the entire surgical staff and of course Dr. Hanna! A beautiful job was done for me!!!!
Dianne C.
Google
12/10/2025
Dr. Hanna and staff are the BEST!! I had two procedures. Dr Hanna was very knowledgeable and provided the most up-to-date information regarding surgical procedures. I had never had plastic surgery and wasn't sure if I was a good candidate. I was well informed with all the details from beginning thru recovery. He and his staff were always helpful and the friendliest. I was completely satisfied with my results. - CONSULT with Dr Hanna!
Linda R.
Google
12/10/2025
I think Dr. Hanna is an extraordinary surgeon. His skills are excellent! I left the decisions regarding my breast reduction up to him, and I could not be happier with the results. Both he and his staff are very kind and compassionate...truly exceptional! If you are contemplating surgery, I hope you will consider him. I am thrilled to have landed in Dr. Hanna's office; he's simply outstanding!
Sally M.
Google
Previous
Next

--- IMAGES
 - The Maggy Awards Best Plastic Surgery | /images/maggy-award.png
 -  | /images/index-services-breast.jpg
 -  | /images/index-services-body.jpg
 -  | /images/index-services-face.jpg
 -  | /images/index-services-cosmetic.jpg
 -  | /images/index-services-before-after.jpg
 -  | /images/index-doctor-xs.jpg
 -  | /images/icon-lg.svg
 -  | /images/index-patient-review.jpg
