TITLE: Cary Plastic Surgery - Patient Testimonials
DESC: Discover how Cary Plastic Surgery has transformed lives through patient testimonials and real stories. Read experiences now!

Patient Testimonials
Cary Plastic Surgery
1608 Kildaire Farm Rd, Ste 100, Cary, NC 27511
5
/ 5
based upon 61 reviews.
08/31/2026
Dr. Hanna is amazing! He is honest and makes sure you are completely comfortable with all aspects of the procedure. Never ever did I feel pressured. I highly recommend.
Jill Goodman
Google
07/31/2026
I had an amazing experience with Dr. Hanna from start to finish. He took the time to listen to my goals, answered all of my questions, and made me feel comfortable and confident throughout the entire process. The staff was friendly, professional, and always willing to help.
My results exceeded my expectations, and I couldn’t be happier. The attention to detail and level of care were outstanding, and I always felt like I was in great hands. I highly recommend this practice to anyone considering cosmetic or reconstructive procedures. Thank you for helping me feel more confident!
Heather Adams
Google
06/09/2026
Had two Pilar cysts removed from scalp by Dr. Hanna. I keep my head shaved and you can't even tell there's a scar there anymore from the wounds. Great price and great service.
Patrick Edgington
Google
02/20/2026
Dr Hanna and his team are amazing, I can't recommend them enough. I went to multiple consults but ultimately decided on Cary Plastics and I couldn't be happier. I really felt informed and that Dr Hanna and I had a shared goal from start to finish. The actual surgery and recovery were much easier than anticipated for my brest augmentation and abdominoplasty (all drainless with no complications).
Jessica Efferson
Google
11/06/2025
Great experience from consult through follow-up. Surgery was exceptionally easy -- breast reduction and mammoplasty, sedation (no anesthesia gas!!) and no drains post-op! Back to work in less than two weeks. Thank you Dr Hanna and team!!
BBarbital
Google
05/20/2025
Dr Hanna and his team helped me make my dream come true. After losing 125 lbs, I had a lot of skin on my stomach. There’s no way after being overweight for my whole life that it was going away. It had to be surgically removed. The results are mind blowing. I’m only 3 months out so I still have a very noticeable scar. It will fade. No one but my husband and I will ever see it in any event. I feel phenomenal! I am overjoyed at the wonderful care Dr Hanna and his team provided. I highly recommend Cary Plastic Surgery!
Connie Smith
Google
04/24/2025
Maxine Poole
Google
03/18/2025
Dr Hanna is the “best of the best”. He and his staff are very friendly and professional. He takes time to explain risks and rewards. I am very pleased with the process and the results. Highly recommend.
Fred Taylor
Google
12/10/2024
I can’t recommend Dr. Hanna and the team at Cary Plastic Surgery enough! After multiple consultations elsewhere, I finally felt heard during my visit with Dr. Hanna.
He took the time to thoroughly explain the mommy makeover process, ensuring I was comfortable and informed every step of the way. I had a mini tummy tuck and breast augmentation, and I couldn’t be happier with my results.
The staff and surgical team were amazing on the day of surgery, easing all my nerves. As a mom of two little ones, that meant so much to me. Dr. Hanna is truly exceptional!
Jess Owens
Google
09/25/2024
(Translated by Google) I had breast augmentation surgery and I'm extremely happy. Dr. Hanna is a highly skilled surgeon; for me, he's the best surgeon. From the moment I saw him, he instilled confidence in me. He's inspiring, and from the moment you speak with him, it's like having family. Talking to him, he clarifies all your doubts. Truly, my life changed from that day forward. God bless his hands and continue to give him wisdom. The eyes of the Lord watch over science. 👏
(Original)
Me realice un aumento de senos Estoy sumamente feliz el doctor Hanna es un doctor con todas las potenciales como médico cirujano para mí es el mejor cirujano desde que me recibió me dio esa confianza eso inspira desde que hablas con el es como tener una familia tuya hablando contigo te aclara todas las dudas que puedes tener la verdad mi vida cambió desde ese día Dios bendiga sus manos y le sigas dando sabiduría los ojos de Jehova velan por la ciencia 👏
Miriam Franco Martínez
Google
06/26/2024
Nancy Frazier
Google
06/01/2024
Dr Hannah and his Staff are very personable and knowledgeable. I could not have asked for better results I am so happy !!’
Patsy Earp
Google
02/24/2024
Dr. Hanna is THE BEST! He explains everything great and is very honest about all aspects of the procedures. I am VERY pleased with my surgery and with him and his staff. They are all so caring and professional. Also the follow up care is AMAZING. I just attended my 1 year follow up appointment to make sure all is well after a year. He schedules very regular check ups to make sure you are healing well and everything is good. This was very important to me! I would highly recommend him and would go back to Dr. Hanna for another procedure in future with no hesitation. :)
K Walls
Google
01/26/2024
Dr Hanna has been the NUMBER 1 CHOICE for all of my cosmetic surgery needs over the years. Most recently, Dr Hanna performed my face lift. The outcome was perfect . Completely natural and subtle results without complications. I get frequent compliments on how natural and “refreshed” I look after my facelift !
The entire experience when dealing with this office is exceptional. The staff is personable, accommodating to my scheduling needs and thorough! Dr Hanna is very approachable, personable, thorough in answering all questions, professional and caring . This is a plastic surgeon that I’ve come to TRUST, and THAT is truly very important when choosing the right doctor for your plastic surgery needs.
Marie Troxell
Google
12/08/2023
Dr. Hanna is an amazing doctor. I had 4 children via c-sections so to say I needed some help in my abs/tummy area is an understatement. I spent years working out trying to get my body back and it only goes so far when you have that much scar tissue built up.
Dr. Hanna came highly recommended from friends who had used him for other procedures and their results were amazing! Dr. Hanna spent so much time with me to answer all my husband's and my questions during the consult. I don't think I've felt more heard in a doctor's appointment before. He did not rush me and made me feel so comfortable and confident before my procedure.
I am now about 3.5 months post tummy tuck and my results are OUTSTANDING! I feel like myself again after years of feeling like I wasn't me. And you know you look good when you go to your annual gyn appointment and my gyn asks me who did my procedure because she has not seen results that great before!
Dr. Hanna's staff is so helpful and he and his whole team are super supportive of their patients. I absolutely 100% recommend him!
My only regret? ...I didn't call him to have this procedure done sooner!
M Johnson
Google
Previous
1
2
3
4
5
Next

--- IMAGES
 -  | 
